{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19340\viewh13720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Portfolio Preparation Goals\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs48 \cf2 Boby Text Color: White\
Header Text Color: White\
Link Text Color:White \
Background Color: Grey\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf2 Images icons used and credits
\f1\b0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b Html Icon
\f1\b0 \
https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/939737/html5_icon_%E2%80%A2_html_icon\
Creative hives.  https://www.iconfinder.com/flaticondesign\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b Css icon
\f1\b0 \
https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/5113622/anycolor_css_icon_document_file_format_icon\
Artiom Sudin  https://www.iconfinder.com/Icodrome\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b Java Script Icon
\f1\b0 \
https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/5113627/anycolor_document_file_format_js_icon_icon\
 Artiom Sudin https://www.iconfinder.com/Icodrome\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \
Wordpress
\f1\b0 \
https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/940975/wordpress_wp_icon_icon\
 Creative Hives  https://www.iconfinder.com/flaticondesign\
\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b About Me
\f1\b0 \
My name is Sravani, I am a front end web developer. I have about few years experience in the industry. My skills are html, css, javascript, Wordpress.  I am constantly researching and learning online to keep up with new topics. I live in the South Bay. I love nature, hiking and gardening.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b PROJECTS PAGE
\f1\b0 \
Container garden  Project 1\
Undecided            Project 2\
Undecided            Project 3\
\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b CONTACT PAGE
\f1\b0 \
Please free to contact me  if you want to discuss about a project.\
 email address sravani.dg@gmail.com\
\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b https://benadam.me/project-list.html
\f1\b0 \
This page a a designated header, body and footer. Overall it a very simple website, clean and give a very clear picture about the developer, his experience in frontend, backend web development, UI/UX as well as product development.\
The fonts are small, a bigger font size would make the site more attractive and readable.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b https://www.danielfischer.com/
\f1\b0 \
Just dark space with some scribbles in the center, no header, footer or body.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b https://sebkay.com/
\f1\b0 \
Very well presented website with attractive header, body and footer with consistency thorough out. Attractive and well usage of simple colors for the site mainly black, white and blue. Small and neat icons used . Content very informative and to the point.\
Nothing to dislike\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b https://fabianirsara.com/
\f1\b0 \
Has static header with the logo on the left and menu on the right. However ,the body part of the web page scrolls over the header . The text size is too big and white, eyes starts to hurt at some point. Animated menu is nice
\f2\b \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}